1. you can get info about internal state of the system
2. system = app + infra + network
3. You will get info like

 Some of the data points we observe
 ---------- Metrics
 1. What is disk utlization of node in k8s cluster last 2 hours
    - disk is under utilized
    - disk is over utilized
    - disk usage is constant
    - partially utilized
    - at one point of time went to peaks
2. What is the CPU utilization
3. Memory utilization
4. Out of 1000 API calls mad to my application what is the no of API calls are success and how many requests are failed 
wasting resources and money

Note: It gives historical data of a event what is usage of last 24 hours, before 12 hours before hours

---------- Logs
1. Why 5 http requests are failed what is the reason for it
2. Why there is a memroy leak why extra memory usage by particular application

--------- Traces
1. How the http request was flows from client to db You find where exactly http request got failed

Example Scenario
----------------
1. Metrics part is basically understand for understanding what is the state of your system
2. Logging is responsible for why your system in this particaular state
3. Traces gives where exaclty gone wrong

For example an http request got failed over the last 30 mins 10 requests are failed last 24 hours 100 requests are failed 
you can get this hisotrical data using metrics we can pick up one http request using historical data you can identify the time 
stamp at 10.00 clock a particaular request failed you can go to the logs of particaular app we can see what happend at 10'o clock
By using traces which part of the application API call got failed Traces gives complete http request journey how much time it will
taken between components 5ms is it excepted time frame or not did they exactly go to backend how much time it will taken


types of logs: info,debug,error,trace

You can get feedback of whole system


SLA = Agreement between clients and owners

Objectives = Make promises to the customer

99.9% application is up and running through the year
out 0f 100000 requests sent to our application 99,995 are requests gives reponse within the 30ms with 200 status code 





